Another Round. Tomas Vinterberg

Person from birth lacks 0.5 ppm for a more measured, calm lifestyle. This is hypothesis, which film's charachters tried to learn on practice. Martin (Mads Mikkelsen) considers himself boring, exhausted, closed man, he less and less contacts with his wife, but more and more lives by inertia. In plot he teaches history in local school, his students consider that he doesn't capable to prepare them to graduate exams. Problems at a job and family has not only Martin, but his friends too. Actually, the heroes wanted to find a solution in alcohol. 
The movie has gorgeous atmosphere. Really cool compositional scenes. At the beginning was a dinner in a restaurant where Martin refused to drink because he was driving. While telling friends about life's difficulties Mikkelsen's character distanced from reality by sound effects, music and operator work that created apotheosis of being lost that brought him to consent to drink. Increased degree of alcohol naturally helped Martin to open and having clear emotional shock he poured out his soul to comrades that brought to designation the main problem of the film: conflict between human alive and sober. After dinner was very live scene where already drunk heroes fooled around on the street. Ragged clothes, dirt, arm wrestling on the ground after black caviar and red vine. Quality youth etude which friends perfomed until full lost of control. Experiment with daily maintenance of ppm was successful until they deciced to grow up their results. Creative adventurism and returned feeling of life's landmarks increased addiction to alcohol. "To strive means to lose the rest for ages. Do not strive means to lose yourself" - this contradictory phrase characterising Martin's and his drinking companions behavior. Exactly strive brought their to lose themselves, but they strived for what? Movie's peak reached when their dream of catharsis was beated when each person recieve what dererves from alcohol addiction in unavoidable reality. I appreciate the film's life form for the materiality of things in it. In other way idea creates anti life form that attached illusion addiction at the basis. Alcohol is the sublimation of happiness which were abused by movie characters with wish to find the right way to awake themselves. Heroes, get stucked in the life routine's cycle in state of alienation and confusion, could not do anything other than delegate decision problems the same one youth etud. After all, being young is much easier to experience feeling life not already having lost to interest in it                          